How much is it on this card?
10,000 yuan 501,000 yuan
100.
Hahahaha, that can't be a dollar, right?
Hahaha, one billion.
What!
Get out of here!
Impossible Impossible
It's really Master Gao
It's really a billion.
I read that right.
This card might actually be used for something else
Master Gao
Although my brother Qingfeng can't talk about enjoying it
But there are also leaders and faces in Jiangzhou
Please believe in our ability to do things.
Master Gao heard the money and asked him for it.
I'll just take it.
Brat, you fucked me
Master Gao
We all see the dry firewood thing clearly
willing to admit defeat
Please settle the payment.
No, 50 million is a lot.
Okay?
I can't come up with that much money right now
As the eldest son of the Gao family
I think you will find a way
Linggao Society, go to the back hall
Yes but
Our Gao family is bankrupt